# Am I using the right tools?
It's a question I ask myself when I write code. I somehow envy others when I see them develop software. Some people just dance around the screen to the rhythmic click-clack of the keyboard.

I recently came across fig.io and Oh My zsh, and there were two questions that came up: 
1. Do these tools make me better, so that I eventually become this hacker idol I have in my mind?
2. And do I want to become that hacker I idolize?

And the answer to those are probably no.

I don't have any background in software development. I learned programming at the university, where I mostly learned syntax, and later have mostly programmed either software or tools to suit a specific purpose. And never really had to develop any coding skills.

So when I see people use vim to magically edit all their source code, and effortlessly git push things to CI, it seems that they've figured it out. And that it's this setup that will make me better too.
## It's not the tools
With that said, I can relate this to drawing. I'm a fairly good drawer, and I've gotten past the "What pencil are you using?" phase. I see beginners, and did myself, try to figure out what setup professional drawers use. Pencils, paper, tablets, software. It matters to some extent, but it doesn't magically make you a better drawer. And I've myself realized that the only way to become a better drawer is to actually draw.

And that's probably the point of this post. I'll have to admit I'm a beginner software developer, even if I've been doing it for 15 years. And sure, zsh could help me become better, but not over night. That only takes practice.

Maybe I should develop exercises for different tools? A sort of warm up exercise, so that before coding, I'll do 10 git commits, 20 edits in vim, etc.

Until next time.